hey guys what is going on am I Jordan be
1309 and in this video I'm going to be
showing you an unlimited RP method for
GTA 5 1.06 this is after all patches so
if you're new hit why not subscribe for
all the best GTA 5 money glitches RP
glitches all the best money in RP
glitches come out first on my channel
subdued subscribe and this proposed to
leave a like the video just to support
the video and get out there for us to
see if we can reach 500 likes in this
video that'd be so awesome so let's get
straight onto the video and as you saw
data is the location of where we are
based now we're going to be based here
because this is where the cops if you do
get cops on you it's very very unlikely
then they don't even quantity island
just hang about any violent like crosser
across the island there so please never
come to you so that's really good
because what we're going to be doing for
this glitch is sitting bounces on our
friends and putting the 10k bet on them
10k bounty on them and then killing them
instantly now once you do this you get
9k back because less the tix a thousand
so each time you glide do this glitch it
will take away 1000 which is a bit of a
downside but if you do my own limited
money glitch I'll have an annotation
screen then you know you saw it because
you have so much money that 1000 does it
even make a difference to get to be
honest so as you see I'm just setting
10,000 bounty on my friends and killing
them the good thing about this island as
well is that when you kill them the
spawn moving like a sniper distance so
you can just keep killing them instantly
instead of in the towns where you spawn
around corners or you getting police on
you and all that so this is a much
easier way and as you can see now once i
use someone with a higher level I get
more RP so when doing this glitch train
find someone with as much of a high
level as possible the first time I'm
doing with a four level 48 the second
time at level 73 as you can see it's so
much quicker and I now leveled up so I
hope you enjoyed this video girl sure to
leave a like if it helps you sure to
post any questions you have in the
comment section below and be sure to
help you and thank you for watching and
see you guys next time thank you for
watching
you